---
layout: post
title: Robots
category: openproblem
---

Humans evolved in a world where we needed to make predictions quickly, given little information and resources. Robots will need to act in this same world.

<!-- Aka problems caused (indirectly) by compute, memory and latency constraints -->

#### Aligning delayed signals/rewards

Image that the vision system might process info within 0.1ms, but the auditory system processed it in 0.5ms. How can we align these two pieces of information, to build a full model of our environment?
And, given that there was a delay in when; we perceived, and acted, received (/perceived) a reward how can we assign credit to act single choice we made in between?

#### Shared resources

Imagine a system that has to learn and predict with the same set of minimal resources.
Limited by max power usage (aka a need for attention!?)
An obvious strategy might be to: predict now, consolidate/learn later? Which seems familiar?

Explore-exploit-consolidate
You have a limited resource; energy supply rate (and/or compute) but you must act in the real world (explore/exploit) while also learning (consolidating).

#### Low latency

Processing complex functions cause a delay in response.
Way around this;

* to attempt to predict the future and your next step (do the computation early rather than reactively).
* A quick guess with slower more accurate corrections?

This also allows correction/response to happen faster, as we dont need to perceive what is going on (if we are right), we can just focus on where we predicted wrong and allocate attention/compute there.

Google's solution, offload computation to data centers with TPUs...
